Title: Binology Smart City Bin Indoor TV | Waste managment WM | Smart city | Iot system | www.binology.com

Description:
Smart City Bin Indoor TV is a smart IoT solution from Binology for the indoor use. This smart bin is specially designed as a brand-new opportunity for indoor advertising and supplied with two high resolution LED screens on both sides!

Binology introduces indoor waste compacting bin with fill-level detection, operating on line power supply. Smart City Bin Indoor TV supplied with built-in compactor, fill-level measurement system based on innovative algorithm, air pressure, humidity, temperature and air quality sensors. 

Binology Indoor TV solution perfectly fits any transport hubs, such as airports, railway stations, marines and others. High resolution LED displays converting our practical and stylish waste container into a new possibility of indoor advertisement. Full HD 43" will attract the attention with high quality sound and video content. For your convenience, we included the remote content management system for installed smart bins. 

We care about safety of indoor space and supplied our container with smoke detector and firefighting algorithm, which will put the press down to cut the air supply and apply increased pressure. Our Smart City Management cloud application will notify the administration about all tracked parameters and send alarm notifications in case of emergency. The staff can easily identify the current filling level of the bin, simply checking the LED indication panel. 

Binology Smart City Management - SaaS software for smart and efficient urban waste management. Allows controlling installed Smart City solutions, notifying staff and administration about collected data, increasing waste management efficiency by saving valuable time and allowing fast reaction in any emergency situation. Collected data from sensors transforms into customized reports, while complex operational management of waste collection is now centralized and intuitive.

Interested? Don't hesitate to ask questions about our Smart City Bins! 
Write your comment below or just simply mail us directly!

For purchase and distribution, call: +7 (495) 291-00-50 (Moscow)
E-mail: sales@binology.com
Website: www.binology.com