Title: Binology Smart City Separation Station 2 | Waste managment WM | Smart city | Iot technology |

Description:
Smart City Separation Station 2 - innovative smart city solution for separate waste collection. 

www.binology.com

It is a smart urban waste collection station for outdoor use, which consists of two solid solar powered containers. One container is designed for general unsorted solid waste collection and supplied with built-in press. The second container has no compaction feature and aimed for the collection of recyclable materials. Both containers in Smart City Separation Station 2 are supplied with separate fill-level measurement systems for accurate data collection. 

Smart City Separation Station 2 is an innovative solution from Binology, developed for efficient urban waste management and manual waste separation, meets the requirements of nowadays Zero Waste worldwide initiatives. 

- Integrated compactor
Simple and reliable device that can reduce waste volume by up to 8 times. A built-in advanced algorithm automatically activates the pressing system according to the filling. For Binology Smart City Separation Station 2 is installed only in general unsorted waste container. 

- Solar panel
Allows the autonomous work without power supply connection. Solid construction of Smart City Separation Station allows collecting more energy from two solar panels, feeding one battery, what is useful by poor solar irradiance. 

- Compressed waste
Each container in Smart City Separation Station supplied with 120L standard wheelie bin. The closed container design prevents the animals from having access to the waste and eliminates unpleasant odors. Fill-level sensors in each container allow you to separately control current waste level for unsorted waste and collected recyclable materials.

- Vandalism resistance
Our Smart City Separation Station has galvanized steel housing construction, combined with a fixed surface mount, also complimented with integrated smoke detector and fire prevention algorithm.

- Online monitoring
Smart City Management SaaS App allows a real-time monitoring of indicators for all installed containers: location, fill-level and type of the collected waste, battery charge and surrounding environmental parameters. For each Smart City Separation Station you may see separate data of container fill-level. 

Binology Smart City Management - SaaS cloud software for smart and efficient urban waste management. Allows controlling installed Smart City solutions, building optimal routes for waste collection, taking into account fill-level of each bin and traffic jams. Collected data from sensors transforms into customized reports, while complex operational management of waste collection is now centralized and intuitive.

Interested? Don't hesitate to ask questions about our Smart City Bins! 
Write your comment below or just simply mail us directly!

For purchase and distribution, call: +7 (495) 291-00-50 (Moscow)
E-mail: sales@binology.com
Website: www.binology.com