Title: Best fingerprint door lock on the market

Description:
New Biometric Fingerprint Lock Security Smart Door Lock Password Electronic Locks Key IC Card Unlock APP Camera Electronic Lock.


- Features:
1. Fingerprint, password, card, key unlock
2. Anti-theft alarm system
3. High capacity lithium battery
4. Doorbell function
5. Product support English system
6. Fake passwords can be added before and after the password
7. Support left an open door or right open door 


- Product Style:
1. Standard
2." Cat Eye"
You can see who is outside the door. The other functions of the two styles are the same, please choose the style according to the actual situation.


- Unlock method:
1.Fingerprint unlock
2. Password unlock
3. IC card unlock
4. Key unlock


- More features
Fake passwords can be added before and after the password
Lock the door automatically after closing


- Buyer notice: 
1. We can provide fast logistics services to make products arrive faster
2. We bear product freight, export customs duties, free shipping in most countries, and only some remote countries require additional freight
3. If the order involves import customs fees, buyers need to pay according to their own country.


-Free distribution of lock body
The default size of the product order is 24mm×240mm. If you need a special size, please note or contact customer service.


- Product Packaging:
1 IC card×2
2. key×2
3. Lithium battery×1
4. Front and rear panels
5. Install positioning card
6. Product Manual
7. USB charging cable
8. Lock cylinder


See More and Buy Product:  http://ali.pub/5hyc0a
Price:  US $220.49 - 250.59


Related Tag:

best fingerprint door lock for smart door lock,best fingerprint door lock on the market,What is the best fingerprint door lock,Best fingerprint door lock for home,best fingerprint door lock for smart door,best fingerprint door lock 2021,fingerprint door lock residential,best fingerprint padlock 2021,samsung fingerprint door lock,best fingerprint door lock 2021,best fingerprint lock,What is the best fingerprint door lock?,Who makes the best entry door locks?,biometric door lock residential,samsung biometric door lock,fingerprint door lock for bedroom,best biometric door lock 2021,biometric door locks for business,best smart door lock,smartphone door lock,smart lock,best fingerprint door lock,smart door locks,fingerprint,fingerprint lock, best fingerprint door lock for home,lock,fingerprint door lock,smart door lock,door lock,