Title: CES 2025: Gardena Robotic Mower & B-hyve Automatic Smart Water Management

Description:
Allison Sheridan interviews Dennis Koehler from Gardena and Matt Cardon from Orbit. Dennis discusses Gardena’s robotic mowers, and Matt describes Orbit’s smart water management devices. 

Gardena has a long history of supplying robotic mowers to the European market and has begun to tailor their mowers for use in the U.S.. Dennis describes Orbit's Sileno Flex Robotic Lawn Mower that has been specifically designed to cut the various grass types typically found in the U.S.  

The Sileno mower is fully autonomous and can be programmed to automatically mow your entire yard through a mobile app. It has a unique cutting disk that rotates at 2,500 rpm and has razor-sharp mini cutting blades that extend outward with centrifugal force. Grass cutting height is easily adjustable with a knob on the top of the mower. 

Safety is a primary design factor of the Sileno mower. Since the mini blades are extended only by centrifugal force, they automatically disengage if they hit anything hard. There is ample space between the cutting disk and the edge of the mower for additional safety. Also, the Sileno mower has a very sensitive collision sensor that immediately causes the mower to change direction if it contacts an obstruction. 

The Sileno mower has a charging station and can mow up to 0.2 acres on a single charge. 

Matt describes several of Orbit’s B-hyve smart water management systems and devices. First is the XR Smart Indoor/Outdoor Sprinkler Timer that automatically controls underground irrigation systems.  

Next is the B-hyve Smart Hose Watering Timer time which connects directly to an outdoor faucet and controls a sprinkler attached to the hose. 

All of B-hyve smart timers are connected to WiFi and are configured through a mobile app. These smart timers have access to local weather information and adjust watering schedules based on how much rain the yard has recently received or is about to receive. 

The interview setting is the Everything Tech Conference show floor at Caesars Palace. 

Learn more at https://us.gardena.com/ and https://orbitonline.com/
Check out the NosillaCast Podcast at https://www.podfeet.com/