Title: 12 Pods Hydroponics Growing System, Indoor Herb Garden with Grow Light

Description:
Click here for more-https://amzn.to/3Ba01d5
Diivoo 12 Pods Hydroponics Growing System, Indoor Herb Garden with Grow Light, Smart Garden Planter Starter Kit for Home Kitchen, Automatic Cycle Timer Germination Kit, Height Adjustable.
Hydroponics Growing System: Equipped with an independent water pump in the 5L larger water tank to form a water circulation system to increase oxygen. It grows faster in nutrient water than in soil. No weather condition limits, avoid any soil mess, 12 pods for planting fresh and natural herbs, vegetables and flowers in the kitchen, and living room.
Automatic LED Grow Lights: Vegetable MODE & Flower MODE. The Smart Garden Planter includes 2 lighting modes to provide sunlight for your plants to grow. Both will cycle on for 16 hours and then enter sleep mode for 8 hours. No harm to your eyes and low energy consumption.
Height Adjustable Indoor Herb Garden: The rod of the smart indoor gardening planter can be adjusted up to 18.5 inches, providing suitable space for your favourite vegetables, herbs and flowers, which help veggies absorb energy from LED lights and promote growth. If you grow larger plants, you can choose not to use some holes.
Easy to Use: Visualized water float that makes checking the water level easy. Less than 30 decibels quiet pump for peace of mind and undisturbed sleep. You can grow fresh herbs and vegetables or flowers in these hydroponics growing kits throughout the year. Only need to clean the tank every two weeks.
Enjoy a Bountiful Harvest: Build your home indoor smart garden and grow fresh herbs flowers and vegetables all year round and pick fresh fruits and vegetables at any time. Observe the growing process of vegetables and get close to nature. It is convenient for children to be close to nature, gain the joy of harvest and form healthy living habits.
Package Dimensions ‎44.5 x 20.8 x 20 cm; 1.5 Kilograms
Manufacturer ‎Shenzhen IGS Electronics Co., Ltd
Item model number ‎IGS37
ASIN ‎B09CPP97GW
Additional Information
Date First Available 17 Aug. 2021
Customer Reviews 3.1 out of 5 stars    7 ratings
3.1 out of 5 stars
Best Sellers Rank 9,793 in Garden (See Top 100 in Garden)
17 in Hydroponic Growing Kits & Systems