Title: Best 2016 Bedtime Gadgets!

Description:
http://thegadgetflow.com/blog/get-cozy-best-bedtime-gadgets-money-can-buy/

HiCan Smart Bed - http://thegadgetflow.com/portfolio/hican-revolutionary-smart-bed/

Perfect Pressure Mattress - http://thegadgetflow.com/portfolio/new-way-sleep-perfect-pressure-mattress-topper/

Casper Dual Layer Pillow - http://thegadgetflow.com/portfolio/casper-dual-layer-pillow/

CATEGORIES  PRODUCTS WE  FOR YOU  MORE 
SIGN IN
Get Cozy with the Best Bedtime Gadgets Money Can Buy
by Mark Myerson on 12.16.16 
under  Product Roundups

Forget productivity hacks and motivational books — a good sleep is the driving force behind any worthwhile day. In this season of long dark nights, you might be thinking about turning in early, or spending the night with friends. Either way, these bedtime gadgets will ensure maximum Zzzz.

Winding Down
Shiatsu Massage Pillow
Get Cozy with the Best Bedtime Gadgets Money Can Buy

What better way to start relaxing than with a shiatsu massage, as provided by this smart pillow.

$100

Kokoon EEG Headphones
Get Cozy with the Best Bedtime Gadgets Money Can Buy

By monitoring your brainwaves, the Kokoon headphones provide the perfect soothing soundtrack.

$139

Under Pillow Slim Speaker


At less than ½ inch thick, this slimline speaker lets you drift off to your favorite audiobook.

$50

Extreme Comfort
The Casper Dual Layer Pillow
Get Cozy with the Best Bedtime Gadgets Money Can Buy

The Dual Layer Pillow from Casper keeps you cool all night and provides space-age support.

$75

Perfect Pressure Mattress and Topper
Get Cozy with the Best Bedtime Gadgets Money Can Buy

For better sleeps without emptying the bank, try the memory foam and aromatherapy pockets of this Perfect Pressure set.

$150

Balluga Smart Mattress
Get Cozy with the Best Bedtime Gadgets Money Can Buy

This mattress measures your sleep quality while maintaining different temperatures for you and your partner.

$1299

HiCan Smart Bed


If that isn’t clever enough, HiCan has an integrated cinema display and complete smartphone control.

$30,569

Optimize Your Rest
hugOne Sleep Tracking System
Get Cozy with the Best Bedtime Gadgets Money Can Buy

Using retro-fit mattress sensors, hugONE is able to detect restless nights and suggest remedies.

$58.34

Remee Lucid Dreamer Mask
Get Cozy with the Best Bedtime Gadgets Money Can Buy

This intelligent mask targets your rapid eye movement (REM) sleep cycle with LED lights to encourage amazing dreams.

$57.13

Sleep Mode
WAVE Radiation-Reducing Smartphone Enclosure
Get Cozy with the Best Bedtime Gadgets Money Can Buy

To avoid absorbing all the radiation from your smartphone overnight, just store it in the insulated WAVE.

$118

Vinsic UFO W11 Portable Wireless Charger
Get Cozy with the Best Bedtime Gadgets Money Can Buy

Alternatively, put your phone down on this wireless charging pad to start the day with a full battery.

$37.48

HomTime C1Pro Bedside Alarm/Speaker/Charger
Get Cozy with the Best Bedtime Gadgets Money Can Buy

This bedside clock goes one better, charging all your gadgets and playing your bedtime playlist.

$49

Subtle Lighting
LUMINNO GlowaSwitch Lightplate
Get Cozy with the Best Bedtime Gadgets Money Can Buy

Find the light switch after dark with these useful glowing switch plates.

$12

Body Sensors LED Wall Night Light
Get Cozy with the Best Bedtime Gadgets Money Can Buy

Better still, just let this intelligent wall light illuminate your path to nighttime relief.

$19

What Dreams Are Made Of
Star Wars Millennium Falcon Bed
Get Cozy with the Best Bedtime Gadgets Money Can Buy

What kid wouldn’t want to go to sleep in the Millennium Falcon? Curse these fully-grown legs…

$3999

Kiran Race Car Platform Bed
Get Cozy with the Best Bedtime Gadgets Money Can Buy

For little ones who are too young for Star Wars, the Race Car Bed will provide plenty of thrills.

$550

400
About
What is Gadget Flow?
Meet the Team
Help Center
Press & Media
 
Platform
Products We Love
Discounts & Deals
For You
Status
 
Advertise
Add Your Product
Affiliate ProgramNEW
Get the Media Kit
Case Studies
 
More
Contact Us
Get the Apps
We are Hiring
Subscribe
As Seen On

   
Terms of Use Privacy Policy Sign In Register Lost Password
All Rights Reserved 2016 Gadget Flow™ Inc +1 (315) 401-4173 / Merrick, 11566 - made with ♥ in New York