Title: Lomi Composter Review: Set Up and the Pros and Cons of using the Lomi in Your House

Description:
Plant friends, I am so excited to tell you about our new favorite kitchen appliance: the Lomi! The Lomi is a sleek, small countertop composter that can reduce your garbage footprint by up to 50%, and in this video, Billy and I give an honest review of Lomi after 90 days of using it in our kitchen.

From making composting as easy as pushing a button to significantly reducing our food waste to helping us be more environmentally aware and sustainable, Lomi has answered so many of our composting prayers. When we lived in NYC we were able to use the NYC composting program, but ironically since we've moved to the country and are renting, haven't been able to find an easy composting solution, and the Lomi is a total dream.

Get $50 off a Lomi by using code BLOOM at www.pela.earth/bloom

Stay tuned for an incredible and special offer exclusive to Bloom and Grow listeners!

01:24 What is a Lomi composter?
02:08 How Lomi lessens your food waste and carbon footprint
04:31 How to assemble your Lomi
05:39 Our first few days using Lomi
06:48 Does the Lomi composter smell?
07:17 Who can use the Lomi composter?
09:30 How long does the Lomi take to compost?
10:19 Is the Lomi composter loud?
11:16 What can you put in the Lomi?
12:30 What are things not suitable for Lomi?
13:50 The benefits and disadvantages of the Lomi
15:20 What you need to know before you get a Lomi
17:14 Using the Lomi
19:24 The day-after reveal!
21:12 How to get $50 off your Lomi

Order Growing Joy: The Plant Lover's Guide to Cultivating Happiness (and Plants): https://read.macmillan.com/lp/growing-joy/

Subscribe to the Bloom and Grow Youtube Show by clicking the red button below the video!

Listen to the Bloom and Grow Radio Podcast on iTunes, Spotify, Stitcher, Google Play, or your preferred podcast player- just type in "Bloom and Grow Radio" in the search bar on your preferred podcast player

Follow Maria and Bloom and Grow Radio on Instagram @bloomandgrowradio

Join the (free) Bloom and Grow Garden Club: https://bloomandgrowradio.com/garden-club

Check out what products Maria uses in her plant collection on amazon https://www.amazon.com/shop/bloomandgrowradio and https://bloomandgrowradio.com/shop

Video editing by Chelsey Megan Media https://chelseyzapl.wixsite.com/portfolio