Title: ECOVACS WINBOT 850 Automatic Window Cleaning Robot, Glass Cleaner Tool and Robotic Washer

Description:
Buy Link: https://amzn.to/2ROs8ZH

ECOVACS WINBOT 850 Automatic Window Cleaning Robot, Glass Cleaner Tool and Robotic Washer

We don't know when or if this item will be back in stock.

The Winbot is an award-winning window cleaning robots equipped with patented technology, advanced cleaning systems and safety mechanisms
4-Stage Cleaning System: Integrates cleaning solution spray, wrap-around microfiber cleaning pad and 2 high-quality squeegees
2 Auto-Optimized Cleaning Modes: Scans window and auto-adjusts cleaning path for an optimized clean
Safety Pod & Tether: High-quality safety tether and pod safely secured the Winbot while cleaning
1 Year Warranty, plus Accessories: Includes (1) instruction manual, (1) infrared remote control w/ batteries (1) cleaning solution, (3) cleaning pad, (1) safety tether (1) safety pod (1) finishing cloth and (1) power adapter, plus (1) extension cord.


ECOVACS WINBOT 850 Vacuum Window Cleaning Robot, white
ECOVACS ROBOTICS is changing the home robotics category by moving from floors to windows with the WINBOT 850 – The Window Cleaning Robot.
Thanks to its innovative fan technology, WINBOT 850 cleans framed or frameless windows. Inside or outside. WINBOT 850 can even work its cleaning magic on frosted or filmed glass. WINBOT 850 is intelligent and simple to use with one-touch operation and automated “N” or “Z” cleaning paths based on window shape. WINBOT 850 uses a 4-stage cleaning process while the mechanical bumper protects window frames, and multiple sensors help it intelligently avoid edges and obstacles while leaving glass shining.

W850 has intelligent standard features including：

automatic 4-Stage Cleaning System
automatic Cleaning Path and Memory
safety System
light Touch Frame Protection
edge Detection Technology
Specifications:
Color:  White
Surface Treatment :  IMD
Suction :  Fan
Auto Cleaning Path:  zigzag（Dual Direction）
Back-Up Battery Capacity(mAh):  600  
Back-Up Battery Voltage(V):  14.8  
Working Voltage(V):  24  
Main Unit Rated Power(W):  75  
Crossing the gap of the joint glass:  Max Width 4mm Max Depth is 8mm
Noise(db):  62
Power Cord :  2.8M/9.19ft  
Cleaning Solution（ml）:  100  
Tether(m):  1.5M/4.92ft  
Extension Cord（m）:  1.5M/4.92ft

Who we are
ECOVACS ROBOTICS provides innovative products that assist consumers with their daily household chores, leading to a more comfortable and enjoyable life so they can “Live Smart. Enjoy Life.” The company’s product line consists of four categories of in-home robotics including DEEBOT floor cleaner, WINBOT window cleaner, ATMOBOT mobile air cleaner and humidifier and FAMIBOT for entertainment and security. 

Automatic 4-Stage Cleaning System

Trade in your old window cleaning tools, WINBOT 850 has them all, minus the elbow grease! The W850 window cleaning robot features a wrap-around microfiber Cleaning Pad and two Squeegees for an efficient 4-Stage Cleaning process:
1. The front of the wrap-around Cleaning Pad sprayed with WINBOT Cleaning Solution moistens, loosens and absorbs dirt.
2. A Squeegee clears dirt from the window. 
3. An additional Squeegee swipes any remaining waterborne dirt.
4. The back of the Cleaning Pad wipes the window to a dry, spotless shine.


Automatic Cleaning Path and Memory

Before it starts cleaning, W850 scans the perimeter to detect the shape of the window and automatically adjusts its cleaning path, in order to clean the area in the most efficient way! The window cleaning robot will follow a Z-Shaped Cleaning Path for wide, horizontal windows and a N-Shaped Cleaning Path for tall, vertical windows.

Robotic Vacuum Cleaner WIN BOT 850

#vacuum #cleaner #robotic #roboticvacuumcleaner